(…) Architects have to become more than just designers of two dimensional ???? or three-dimensional architecture objects(…)

We  have to become designers of eco-systems systems of both ecology and economy that channel not only the flow of people throughout cities and buildings but also the flow of resources like heat, energy, waste and water into some sort of perpetual motion engine(…)

some sort of stop seeing our presence like the human presence on the planet earth as a sort of detrimental to our eco-system
but we should try to integrate and incorporate our consumption patterns and our leftovers into our national environment
the reason for this sort of expanded role of the architect is because of the atmosphere you capture on this image it was taken at the COP15 the UN Climate change conference in 2009 in Copenhagen a year and a half ago(…)

and as you can see on Sarkozy and Brown and Markel and Obama it wasn't exactly a party it was a complete failure
, essentially non of the goals that has been established for the meeting were met, and the generals of discussion for sustainability were sort of drowned in this general conception how much of our existing quality of life are we prepared to sacrifice in order to afford becoming sustainable almost of this sort protestant idea that it has to hurt to do good(…)

but sustainability can't be like some kind of moral sacrifice or political dilemma or even like a philanthropical cause. It has to be a design challenge so, when we were sort of recently ask to do the Danish Pavilion for the Shanghai World Expo that was focused on sustainable cities 

we try to ask ourselves if there was another sustainability that this sort of sad depressing one, we try to ask ourselves if we can find examples where sustainable cities and buildings actually increase life quality(…)
so, we decided to make a Pavilion as a sort of condensation of how Danish cities through their sustainable designs actually increase life quality we can see on the Pavilion as a sort of loop of a Danish Street complete with a blue bicycle lane of the Copenhagen cause in Copenhagen, 37% of the Copenhagers commute by bike??
so, people visiting could actually feel how cool is to ride a bike through the city instead of sitting in a traffic jam or looking endlessly for a parking slot??

Also, in Copenhagen our harbor water has become so clean that you can swim in it, so don't have like to take the bus for hours to go to
we  allow the visitors to experience on their own bodies how clean if not how cold our harbor water is
