so, in middle of this sort of harbor bath we  decided to place "the little mermaid" of Denmark, not a copy of the mermaid, we  actually move it to China
Coco channel said that copying is the high form of complement and if you know Hollywood stars show off sustainable architecture to portrait science fiction. It could be a sign that we  are moving towards hedonistic sustainability in other idea we  have been working to try to think this idea of how architecture and design connection to be most environmentally aware but also increase life quality
starting a project, we  called "the mountain" in Copenhagen it's a combination of a big parking building and an apartment building, but the parking creates a man-made mountain that lifts all the apartments up in the sun in the view creating this sort of houses in gardens but in the middle of the Danish city. We  call this idea architecture alchemy because is this idea that by mixings traditional ingredients of parking and apartments you can actually create if not gold at least some added value
We took this idea one step further in a project in Copenhagen. Where by mixing shops and offices town houses and apartments putting them in this stack where they occupy their favorite position. Distorting the blocks to maximize view for the apartments and access to sun light we created this building called "the 8 house" named after its shape
and this approach doesn't only allow us to optimize the individual position of the different parts of the program like leaving offices and shops on the street lifting the town houses and gardens into the sun shine but it also allows public life which is traditionally restricted to occurring on street level. So actually, invade the three-dimensional space of the urban block so that 8 houses in Copenhagen is not a two-dimensional flat design or even a three-dimensional architectural object is three-dimensional urban condition that allow the public life
the possibility for spontaneous social encounters to actually invade the normally private space of the urban block and it's the pen house of the city. so, this building is at the edge of Copenhagen. Basically, at the city limits
This idea of public participation we took one step further in a project we did for the new city hall in Talik. We thought that instead of having this traditional dichotomy of the politicians inside and the public outside.
we would hover the city hall above the ground allowing the public to invade the ground floor, in what we call the public service market place. Where they can interact with the public servant and see the politicians at work. we called it "the public village" cause it's scenically an accumulation of all the different departments that have their own buildings.
They merge to form a single consolidated village in one place we invited the people of Talik to access the roof and enjoy the panorama of the surrounding city and finally in the master plan the wanted a tower. Cause in Europe it's hard to imagine a city without a tower
And they are now building this architectural realization of radical political transparency
