a master plan we were conditioned by the ten municipalities of metropolitan Copenhagen. To do a plan along a new train line that would connect all the municipalities. We proposed in return to say "why just focus of Copenhagen or even Denmark?
We could actually connect all into a single binational metropolitan region. Where no area is further away than 40 minutes by public transportation and it would just be an infrastructure for public transportation it would also be an infrastructure for waste management for water management for energy combining a smart grid that combines hydro-electricity from Sweden with wind power from Denmark.
It connects the most prosperous businesses in the entire region. And by merging it and making it into a binational master plan. We also introduce pink into our flag for the first time. It has exactly the same size as the San Francisco Bay
So, it is actually a quite likely a regional planning size just because of the national boundaries and this holistic perspective has never been applied. and our idea was: instead of just focusing on the individual infrastructure to actually merit all so that the merit train line is also the first face identification of the down town areas the train really stops at the hearts of the different neighborhoods and finally since we are combining industry commerce and residential, we were proposing that perhaps the excess energy from the power production of the industry could become to human programs like thermos
In Copenhagen we only land field 4% of our waste. As an example, in Chicago is 85%. 42% gets recycled and 54% is scenically used as fuel to create heat and electricity. 97% of homes in Copenhagen has District heating
So, they don't spend any energy heating in a very cold country they get it all as heat from the power production. And scenically the form this loop that the people give they trash to the insulation plant and the get it back as power. So as a thumb rule 3 kg of house hold trash turns into 4 hours of electricity and 5 hours of heating
And just to give you an idea of this resource. One tone of waste is almost two barrels of oil. But this is a power plant like any other. It's a big boxy ugly factory that cast shadows on the neighbors and block the view so the city wanted because it's located in down town Copenhagen to somehow make it beautiful "it should be a gift to the city" said the CEO of the plant.
So, this is not only got to be the biggest building of Copenhagen it's also going to be the tallest it's going to be more than 350 feet tall. It's located right in the middle of the historical city. You can see that's the opera the royal theater at down town. And that's where it's going it's right next to the Copenhagen marina.
.. And right in front of it there's something called "The Copenhagen cable track" which is a track of the pools wake boarders and border skiers around in this sort of perpetual loop of water fount. And speaking of skying. Copenhagen has love skying but unfortunately is flat as a pancake. We have the snow but we don’t have the hills. So, we happily go by hours on buses to the south of Sweden. So, we thought that if Copenhagen doesn’t have mountains
