The roof material is a form of artificial carpet. That all the rain water that drops on the mountain it's collected and it can be bowed out in this humidifier that in the summer can create so little friction that with normal skying equipment you can actually sky creating this nice Brazilian hybrid of bikini skying but in the winter, we do have 3 to 4 months of frost and snow so from 2015 you going to have to look out to the Danish competitors in alpine skying
Originally the competition was to make the factory look good so we also have to do it for that so we propose to make it from this giant planter made out of recycle plastics. The excess water runs through the facade watering the plants. So, in the summer we create this natural shade that turns the working space of the factory into this naturally illuminated and naturally ventilated work space at night you see the machines work inside the factory so this initial vision of trying to design citizen buildings as ecosystems is quite close to materializing in this project cause not only locally does this re-use of the water, the daylight the natural ventilation.
But also, in a more regional perspective together with Copenhagen and the rest of the loop city the plant actually forms an ecosystem. as a last thing they wanted some kind of building integrated art project and traditionally what you do is to hire some light artist to blow color lights to buildings at night we thought "why don't we play with the resources we have" this is going to be the cleanest way to energy plant in the world the smoke coming out of the chimney is non-toxic but still does contain some co2, a lot less than the current plant but it does contain some. l
So, we thought "why don’t we design the mouth of the chimney in such a way that is fills gradually with co2 and when it contains 100 kg it compresses and puffs a giant smoke ring. So, we can play with it at night but of course on one hand we liked it cause it's almost like the ultimate artistic expression of the hedonistic sustainability you take symbol of the problem, the pollution of the chimney, and turn it into something 
but more importantly one of the main drivers of the behavioral change is knowledge that if people don’t know they can't act. When my nephews ask me "what is a ton of co2" I have to say "I don't have a clue" in 2015 I can tell the to count 10 smoke rings and when they counted 10 of the we've just emitted a ton of co2 so you're saying the waste of energy in Copenhagen is not only economically and ecologically sustainable by turning waste into energy
It's also socially sustainable because it turns a power plant into a park. And turns a flat land into a man-made mountain for skying. So as a last thing you may object that this is the kind of thing that only happens in a sunny semi-socialist sentimental Scandinavia. But just to wrap pit up recently we got approached by Durst Fetner. A residential of Manhattan. To look at this side on the west side water front it's quite far away from the nearby pass. It's right next to "the Helena" building owned by our client named after his daughter and normally residentially area looks like this extruded box
It's also socially sustainable because it turns a power plant into a park. And turns a flat land into a man-made mountain for skying. So as a last thing you may object that this is the kind of thing that only happens in a sunny semi-socialist sentimental Scandinavia. But just to wrap pit up recently we got approached by Durst Fetner. A residential of Manhattan. To look at this side on the west side water front it's quite far away from the nearby pass. It's right next to "the Helena" building owned by our client named after his daughter and normally residentially area looks like this extruded box
So, we thought why don't we having to spent 10 years of my career trying to scape the tyranny of the Copenhagen Court Yard as a typology. We though maybe in Manhattan this idea of creating an urban oasis at the heart of the block could be interesting if you like the Copenhagen court yard is at this architectural scale what central park is to an urban scale. A human habitat surrounded by a dense wall of people so we ask ourselves what happened when we combine a skyscraper with a court yard. And what would a court scraper look like
So first we placed the court yard next to the Helena and we tried to preserve all of his use. To be a good neighbor but also because it is our client's building. and then in the north east top corner to create density in views. We lift it up 450 feet creating this sort of ?? prelaminar block that has views and sunshine from the west side. And what happens is that you can say traditionally perimetral blocks are court yards as secrets kept for the tenants in this case it really becomes the main ?? of the building towards the high way. Almost showing how the facade of the water fount moves into the city fabric itself.
And the geometry also brings daylight into the streets gate and finally all of the apartments are rotated towards the view. Creating this sort of pattern of balconies but also allowing the residents to recognize their own apartment almost as a building within a building. And of course, the people next to the roof has these nice views of the Hudson. So, because of the incredible asymmetry the court yard really goes from 42 inches to 400 feet and back down again.
So, this has been a fast forward and it has been well received. And according to the plan and sometimes even in architecture things happen according to plan we should be breaking ground the 1st of September this year. some of the architectural illusion that we have been conducting in Scandinavia is now starting to cross breed with New York typologies to finish off this is what it could look like to driving down the west side highway in 4 years
